I think everybody had as much fun as ever.
I mean, we we we had a crowd that certainly
equaled our record and.
Again, running into thousands of shareholders and they're there.
They're all having a good time here and our directors
have a good time.
So it's it's just sort of.
A Mardi Gras.
Was there anything different about this meeting or is it
the sameness that makes it so special?
It's the
sameness pretty much, I mean that working with Charlie Munger.
We're not going to change the format very much,
although
Brian pointed out earlier that there were a lot of
kind of controversial subjects,
a lot of things that caught people's attention and picked
up a lot of news this time,
and it's because you and Charlie say what you think,
especially Charlie.
Yeah yeah, Charlie says exactly what he thinks and he
thinks that colorful language to have you noticed I've noticed
that has that changed over
the years or is that just more that Charlie?
Yeah, that's Charlie. And since you met him
since
1959 when I met him,
OK, Warren, let's talk
about some of the things that really resonated with people
and maybe start where you began the annual meeting this
year.
And that was talking to your investors and telling them
a little bit about investing,
some tips and lessons along the way.
You kind of used as a teaching experience at the
top.
Yeah, normally I don't do that.
I mean that in fact I can't remember when I
did it the we just go right into questions and
answers,
but I really thought that.
That maybe you were giving a little bit the wrong
lesson because all the questions would naturally tend toward current
events,
and so this time I went back.
Actually didn't 1942 when I bought my first stock as
an illustration of all the things that have happened since
1942,
we've had we've had 14 Presidents,
7 Republicans, 7 Democrats we've had.
We've had world wars, we had 911.
We had the Cuban missile crisis we have.
We're all kinds of things.
The best single thing you could have done.
On March 11th, 1942, when I bought my first stock,
which just buy an index fund and and and never
look at a headline.
Never think about stocks anymore,
just like you would do if you bought a farm.
You just buy the farm,
let the let the tenant farmer bought it for you,
and I pointed out that if you'd put $10,000 in
an index fund that reinvested dividends,
and I paused for a moment to let the audience
try and guess how much it amount to.
And it would come to $51 million now.
And the only thing you had to really believe in
then is that America would win the war,
and that America would progress as it has ever since
1776 and that American business.
If America moved forward, American business would move forward.
You didn't have to worry about what stock to buy.
It didn't have to worry what day to get in
and out you didn't.
You didn't know the Federal Reserve would exist.
You know whatever it might be.
And America works.
Hey there, thanks for checking out CNBC on YouTube.
Be sure to subscribe to stay up to date on
all of the day's biggest stories.
You can also click on any of the videos around
me to watch the latest from CNBC.
Thanks for watching.